docs: Compliance Working Group details addition to security tag landing page (#1238)
cncf/tag-security: compliance/README.md

considering supply chain, operators, data and AI failures while simultaneously considering auditability, non-repudiation, legally required forensic evidence, etc. - across all the various activities 
required of cloud native operators of all sizes. The Compliance WG plans to curate tools for evidence collection, chain-of-custody in audits, as well as automated workflows for continuous compliance 
authoring and assessment.

The key areas of the Compliance WG include:

- Building a knowledge base (in github and possibly other tools) and case studies on the How, What, Why and When of operating a cloud native environment within the requirements of legal and regulatory 
entities that govern clouds, specific industries, and more generally data and public/consumer usage. These requirements are often NOT JUST  technical security concern - compliance activities and 
requirements span human activities and performance, system availability and reliability, the combined human and technical aspects of continuity of operations, defining and monitoring data location as 
well as sovereignty and provenance of the regulated environment components and data

> - Generating specific examples of compliance as code, normalized templates, and tools for automating these both technical and non-technical requirements, control assessment, data analyses, audit and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generating specific examples of compliance as code, normalized templates, and tools for automating these both technical and non-technical requirements, control assessment, data analysis, audit and 
```

compliance remediation workflows that specifically benefit CNCF projects and their community of users.

- Reviewing industry and governmental standards - eg NIST, PCI, HIPAA, etc - from a cloud native perspective and serving as Subject Matter Experts in the CNCF community for how projects should implement 
and support these compliance-specific requirements as first class citizen to enable broad adoption of the best practices by commercial, non-profit, governmental, and humanitarian organizations.

## Responsibilities

- Users/personas/needs/customer demands for industry and regulatory compliance (both human and technical)

> - Identifications of areas of focus eg human workflows, automated workflows, analytical tools, audit and assessment tools, technical security controls that cut across components and systems and clouds, etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identifications of areas of focus e.g. human workflows, automated workflows, analytical tools, audit and assessment tools, technical security controls that cut across components and systems and clouds, etc
```

- Framework for evaluation, audit and reporting - how do products and tools demonstrate compliance?
- Training and automation - what is missing, what is difficult to understand, what knowledge gaps are there?
- Work on integrating common tooling across different projects, particularly where that tooling is a CNCF project (but the targets may not be)

> - Cross project focus on the projects and efforts the CNCF is funding, helping projects identify needs and providing subject matters to assist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cross project focus on the projects and efforts the CNCF is funding, helping projects identify needs and providing subject matter expertise to assist
```

- Recommendations of integrating security tooling with compliance tooling and processes - making both the synergies and unique separations of concern explicit and achieving community consensus.

> - Growing CNCF external relationships with interested parties, eg NIST and other compliance standards bodies such as FINOS, OSCAL, OpenSSF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Growing CNCF external relationships with interested parties, e.g. NIST and other compliance standards bodies such as FINOS, OSCAL, OpenSSF
```

## Stakeholders/Key people - Roles and responsibilities

### WG co-chairs

Anca Sailer

Robert Ficcaglia

### WG tech leads

Alejandro Leiva

Jennifer Power

Lou DeGenaro

Manjiree Gadgil

Vikas Agarwal

Yuji Watanabe

> Takumi Yanagawa

Reviewer: Can we add everyone's GitHub handles in front of the names?
